1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see
  the bug that was introduced?

  Viewing a diff between the two versions of a file did help. It automatically
  compares the changes made in the two files and gives us the result.
  This technique is actually very fast way of finding bugs in newer versions
  from the older version. The following commands are used to do it...
  For Windows:
   command: FC oldfilename newfilename
  For Linux and Mac:
   command: DIFF oldfilename newfilename

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you
  a more efficient programmerin the long term?

 Well having an easy access to the entire history of a file would definitely
 make anyone an efficient programmer because we can learn from our past.Joking
 apart we would really get the benefit of how our coding is evolving through its
 journey down the way.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
  commits,like you do in Git,vs having versions automatically saved.like Google docs does?

  In automatic saving ,the saving can occur according to a fixed time but not through logical 
  separation. Thus its quiet difficult to maintain two files that are automatically saved.
  But for Git we know how to manually save and thus providing us the oppurtunity to save the
  file manually.
  In automatic saving as the saving occurs automatically one doesnot have to bother about
  saving the file. But in manual saving sometimes forgetting to save causes a lot of trouble.

4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
 in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  Git allows saving of multiple files in one commit because if there is some interlinking between
  the two files it can maintain very easily.But when it comes to Google Docs it doesnot occur.

5.How can you use git log and git diff to view the history of the file?

  git log commands gives the log of the commit id and the things that were changed. And git diff 
  gives the difference between the two commit ids.

6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
  
  Its actually nice learning version control. Its very easy to set the projects on github and work on them.
